Music Generator
    java program that harmonizes chord progression based on a set of rules
    (currently the rules are static, but user defined rules will be 
    implemented as well)

    This repo contains two version of the project

NOTE TO EMPLOYERS/ INTERESTED OTHERS:
    V1 is a prototype proof-of-concept version of the program
    V2 is better organized and demomonstrates my software design skill,
        currently V2 has the same functionality as V1

Contents:
    V1: a proof of concept version of the program
        to compile: javac midiTest.java
        to run: java midiTest
        Notes: may run in an infinite loop, due to its non-backtracking approach,
                if this occurs just kill the program and retry 
                    (it sometimes take up to 15 tries for it to work)

    V2: a refactored version of the program that uses apache maven
        to compile: mvn package
        to run: I use a maven compiler plug-in to run the project, it may be
                difficult to run it otherwise using maven,
                To run without maven, see the README in the V2 directory
        NOTES: demonstrates understanding of OO design principals, and 
                code documenting practices. All files are well commented and explained.
        
COMING SOON:
    1. unit tests for V2
    2. an interface to allow for user defined rules
    3. interfacing functionality with the pgl language
            (another project of mine)
    4. An online demonstration of the project
            
Harmonization functionallity:
    supports tonal and atonal harmony
    supports any number of simultaneous voices
        each voice can be given its properties. 
            Including:
                range
                overlap with adjacent voices
    can detect and avoid any type of parallel movement
    can detect leaps of any kind, and can respond to leaps dynamically
    can avoid unwanted intervals and/or scale degrees
    can prevent voice crossing
    all rules can be customized per voice/chord/chord type

WHAT ABOUT THE MUSIC?
    in the V1 folder there is a file name midifile.mid which is the output from the V1 version of the program
    in V2/musicGenerator there is anoter file named midifile.mid which is the output from V2
    Take a listen! It ended up working better than I thought.

